README.md, before:

aurelius
========

Quotes from Marcus Aurelius

http://aurelius.co


## Would you like to help out by adding quotes?

I would love to have your help! So far, I've only transcribed my
favorite quotes, but there are many more Aurelius quotes that deserve
to be on this website.

The quotes are stored in `data/marcus.json`. The format is:

- the document is a list of quotes
- each quote is a JSON object
- the `"quote"` field contains a list of strings. Each string is a
  paragraph.
- the `"book"` and `"section"` fields are integers

To submit a quote, go to [`data/marcus.json`][data] and click the
pencil icon (next to the "Raw Blame History" buttons). Then type out
your quote in the format described above and submit a Pull Request. I
will review and merge your changes as soon as I can.

[data]: https://github.com/bsima/aurelius/blob/gh-pages/data/marcus.json

If you have any questions, [open an issue][newissue] and I will
respond ASAP.

[newissue]: https://github.com/bsima/aurelius/issues/new

Commit message:

Add submit form to README

README.md, after:

aurelius
========

Quotes from Marcus Aurelius

http://aurelius.co


## Help out by adding quotes!

I would love to have your help! So far, I've only transcribed my
favorite quotes, but there are many more Aurelius quotes that deserve
to be on this website.

[**Click here to easily a quickly submit a quote.**](https://goo.gl/forms/zivB95KX91rzcPHT2)

That link takes you to a form in Google Docs. I will see the entries
in the form and will add the quotes in my free time.

If you know a bit of code and GitHub, you can help by adding quotes
direcly to the source. The quotes are stored in
`data/marcus.json`. The format is:

- the document is a list of quotes
- each quote is a JSON object
- the `"quote"` field contains a list of strings. Each string is a
  paragraph.
- the `"book"` and `"section"` fields are integers

To submit a quote, go to [`data/marcus.json`][data] and click the
pencil icon (next to the "Raw Blame History" buttons). Then type out
your quote in the format described above and submit a Pull Request. I
will review and merge your changes as soon as I can.

[data]: https://github.com/bsima/aurelius/blob/gh-pages/data/marcus.json

If you have any questions, [open an issue][newissue] and I will
respond ASAP.

[newissue]: https://github.com/bsima/aurelius/issues/new
